[ Music ]
>> Regina Meredith: It's
been brought to our attention
that there is significance
in numbers.
Such as when we see repeating
patterns when we look
at our watch or clocks.
That's generally as far as most
people get with this awareness.
Scott Onstott's brain
works differently,
in patterns of numbers.
As an architectural
designer, angles and ratios
and numbers began popping out.
"Once you see them," he
says, "they are everywhere."
The same sequences and patterns
play out around the world
at most of the world's
sacred sites.
Let's take a look at
a clip from his film
"Secrets in Plain Sight."
>> Scott Onstott: As a teacher
of architects it
was the buildings
in Dan Brown's  The DaVinci
Code ,  Angels and Demons ,
and  The Lost Symbol
that started me
on a journey of exploration.
What I found encoded in
these structures was stranger
than fiction, and perhaps
even more compelling.
Friends kept handing me
interesting non-fiction
and after a while I felt
that each was a clue
in some overarching and
interconnected mystery.
I felt I was seeing no more
than the tip of an iceberg.
As I investigated further I
unwittingly began an initiation
into the ancient mysteries as I
progressively uncovered a body
of knowledge cleverly hidden
in plain sight in the design
of important buildings,
famous works of art,
and long distance alignments
between sacred sites,
and in the streets and
public spaces of many
of the world's great cities.
>> Regina: The question
is, why are they here
and who embedded them?
Is this dynamic augmenting
or hindering our
conscious awareness?
Scott's with us to discuss
our innate connection
with a numerical universe.
Welcome, Scott.
>> Onstott: Thank you.
>> Regina: It's wonderful
having you here, Scott.
We had a fabulous conversation
off-camera last night.
It just kind of sparked in a
thousand different directions.
And here we are, we're going to
have to harness it all and try
to squeeze it into an hour.
Your video is almost
four hours long.
This one.
>> Onstott: That's right.
Yes. It's quite a long viewing.
>> Regina: And so
I want to say right
up front we're only
getting a smattering
of the information in.
Because I really want to look
at the deeper principals
behind it, as well.
Okay.
>> Onstott: Sure.
>> Regina: And so let's
start with you as a being.
You're a really unique
human being on many levels.
You see things other
people don't see.
And even though it came,
it is not like you started
out that way in life.
You did start out with kind
of a unique imprint
as to who you were.
And so give us an example
or a little background
on the experience of being
you, in your early life.
>> Onstott: Okay, I was born
without my right hand and both
of my legs below the knee.
And so from an early
age I realized
that I wasn't my body,
I was something else.
And that sort of gave me this
gift of a different perspective.
Also, being kind of an outsider.
It gave me a slightly
different perspective
than most people have.
But I didn't start
seeing these patterns
until I was about 33 years old.
>> Regina: A significant
number as we shall see.
>> Onstott: Just so
happens [laughter].
>> Regina: And so for you,
when you say you felt you were
a little bit of an outsider.
But what was it that
made you understand
because this is a
really big deal
that most people don't ever get.
That you were not your body.
How did that really come to take
seed in you, that understanding?
Because that's a deep awareness.
>> Onstott: It just
seemed so obvious
that I was a whole being,
not a partial person.
And but my body has
specific limitations
that others don't have.
But, you know, everybody
has limitations.
Their physical vehicle
is how it is.
And I was just fortunate
to be able
to accept the way I was
right from the get-go.
So I never had a, I never
suffered a loss like you would
if you were, lost your
limbs in an accident.
And so that made it easy
for me to accept who I am.
But that gave me this
perspective of being different
and not my body but then
for a long time I
thought I was my mind.
Okay and so...
>> Regina: The other
trap
>> Onstott: All through my
20's and 30's I was my mind.
And somehow or other
I was able to see
that that wasn't the case.
I'm something else again.
I'm awareness.
I'm aware of my mind.
Thoughts come and go and
they don't define who I am.
And so I think that was a great
liberation from, you know,
identifying so strongly
with the mind.
But of course the mind can be
a wonderful tool and you need
to develop that to
whatever capacity you can.
And that can be useful
in pattern recognition,
for example.
>> Regina: Which is where
we're going to launch
in to this conversation.
Where did you first start?
You said you were 33 years old.
And where did you start
seeing these patterns?
Where did this come up
into your awareness?
>> Onstott: Well it wasn't like
one day I didn't see patterns
and the next day I did.
It was a gradual process,
if I look back on it.
And I think it started, I read
a book by Drunvalo Melchizedek,
The Ancient Secret of the
Flower of Life, Volumes 1 & 2 .
And that was kind of an
activator for me in a way.
And then I started
studying crop circles.
And working in architecture
I was used
to drawing things
accurately in the computer.
And so I would -- just
as a kind of hobby,
I would draw the crop
circles in the computer.
And I think that that study
of sacred geometry kind
of opened my mind or somehow,
I can't quite articulate it,
but it kind of activated me.
And allowed me to see patterns
where few others do perhaps.
There are quite a lot of
people that do see all kinds
of patterns but I have this
ability to perceive patterns
in many disparate phenomena
and many different...
>> Regina: Yes, indeed.
>> Onstott: Like, I can see
the patterns in the cities,
and in the geometry, and in
the body, and in the cosmos,
that as above so below us.
The same kind of geometry
or numerical symbolism
that's operating
at all these different scales.
>> Regina: And you've
done a beautiful job
of demonstrating
that in the film.
The film, "Secrets
in Plain Sight."
You said -- you also said
that Dan Brown's work became
another inspiration for you.
As it did, I can't even fathom
what's happened to tourism
in Paris and Rome
and now Florence
with the newest one  Inferno ,
because of what he's spiked
in our imagination
and curiosity.
What did it do for you?
>> Onstott: It drew my
attention to these places
and the Freemasons, also.
And thinking, he really tapped
into something very
important there.
And I think that's why
perhaps why his books were
so successful, aside
from the storytelling,
which was quite gripping.
It's the subject matter
which was interesting.
And so I started looking
deeper into these venues
and these locations and I
found different patterns
that I think are
just as interesting.
>> Regina: But that
sparked it initially.
>> Onstott: Yeah.
>> Regina: Yeah.
And, you know, the
whole notion of our kind
of mathematical relationship.
When we were all meeting
earlier before the show today,
the whole production
team was there.
And one of the people was
asking is this something that's
conspiracy or by a few or is
this something that's endemic
to what we are as human beings,
as life forms of all kinds?
Not just human beings, all life
forms, of ratios, of plants,
animals, the spirals and the
cosmos, all overlay each other.
>> Onstott: That's right.
And the answer is yes.
>> Regina: Yes [laughter].
Exactly.
>> Onstott: They're
all operative.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Onstott: You know.
>> Regina: All of the above.
And when we get to the
end of this conversation
after we start looking at all
the phenomena now, we are going
to talk about your perception
of who the architects
of these amazing
universal patterns,
from the macro to
the micro, are.
And what the purpose might be.
So we'll save that for later
on because it's a larger
philosophical overlay
to the data that
you have discovered.
So first let's start out, you
talk about the fact that a lot
of this came as a result of
preserved hermetic knowledge.
>> Onstott: That's right.
It seemed like the
knowledge that came
from ancient Egypt was
rediscovered in the Renaissance
and it sort of fueled
the Renaissance.
And then there was a time when
that knowledge went underground
and it was kept by
secret societies.
Which is kind of
where it is today.
And yet we all have access to
these things and there sort of,
that's why I call it
Secrets in Plain Sight.
They're actually not
secrets, they're just there
for if you have eyes to see.
>> Regina: Yes.
And let's talk about, though,
okay so when you're looking
at the hermetic philosophies
you're talking
about the entities that we've
known in mythology and history.
Such as Toth, and
Hermes, and Mercury.
>> Onstott: And Isis and Osiris.
>> Regina: And Isis and Osiris.
We're talking about a very
ancient lineage of knowledge
that goes beyond
what we understand
as Earth plane figures.
>> Onstott: That's right.
>> Regina: Now what is your
feeling on the whole notion
of secrecy of knowledge
in general?
Do you feel that there
was perhaps a purpose
for maintaining certain
sacred truths
by whoever was maintaining them
over centuries, even millennia?
Do you think there was some
good in retaining that secrecy?
>> Onstott: Definitely I think
that there was certainly a case
for that when you could
be burned at the stake
like Giordano Bruno was.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Onstott: For talking
about hermetic beliefs.
And so there was certainly a
case where there was hundreds
of years there where you had
to keep that knowledge secret.
And -- but I think now we're
living in a different age
where this knowledge
can be revealed.
And so that's what
I'm interested in...
>> Regina: It does seem like it.
>> Onstott: ...in doing, is
trying to share that knowledge.
Wherever I can see it
I want to share it.
And I think it's the most
interesting thing is these
patterns and these numbers.
And that it gives me a lot
of confidence or inspiration,
that the universe is
harmonic with these numbers.
And there seems to be a design
to the universe --
intentionality there.
And it really depends
on where you are
and how you describe that,
and the why behind that.
You could say its
God doing that.
You could say its angels
or demons or just the way
that the matrix is
that we're in.
So there's a lot of different
ways of explaining that.
But my first job is just
to show the patterns.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Onstott: And then
I leave it open.
I don't give you an answer.
I leave it open for
you to explore
and make of it what you will.
Because it really
is a co-creation,
it's really a collaborative
process.
>> Regina: Yes.
And I think you're right.
We have entered a period of time
where many people's awareness
has expanded to the point
where this hidden knowledge,
including hermetic knowledge.
Other ancient traditions
and tantra are being
released right now, too,
that have been secreted away
for hundreds if not thousands
of years, are being made
available to the public.
I mean not randomly but people
who are seeking knowledge
in those areas that
have been hidden away.
So we've called that conspiracy,
but the reality is maybe the
time wasn't present until now.
>> Onstott: Right and conspiracy
just means breathing together.
>> Regina: Yeah.
>> Onstott: And so that
shouldn't be so unusual.
You know, people conspire and
plan together all the time.
>> Regina: Indeed.
So let's talk about one
sacred relationship,
just to start off
the conversation.
Because to me it's at
the crux of all of this.
And that is the unique
ratios, spatial ratios
between the Sun,
the Moon, the Earth.
>> Onstott: Yes.
I can give you an example of in
sacred geometry or with number.
Would you like to choose one?
>> Regina: I choose numbers.
Since we're doing a lot of
numbers let's do the numeric.
>> Onstott: Okay, so all of
these numbers that I'm going
to give you are about
between 98% and 100% accurate.
So if you look it up you'll see,
well, it's only 99% accurate.
Well, that's pretty
close isn't it?
So if we look at 108, this
number is so important.
108 Earth diameters fit
within the solar diameter.
The Earth is about 108 solar
diameters away from the sun.
The moon is 108 lunar
diameters from the Earth.
So it's amazing that
this number --
these phenomena converge
upon that.
Another thing is that if
you look up at the moon,
it's the same size as
the sun disk in our sky.
And we see that beautifully
in a solar eclipse.
When the moon perfectly
covers the sun disk.
Now think about that.
It doesn't have to be so...
>> [Multiple speakers].
>> Regina: Taking the
space [background talking]
into consideration.
>> Onstott: What if the
moon was larger or smaller?
Or closer or farther away?
It wouldn't work that way.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Onstott: But it's perfect.
That's amazing.
>> Regina: Yes.
And we're going to take a look
at a clip in your film dealing
with the 108's a
little later on.
But first you start
in Washington DC.
>> Onstott: That's right.
>> Regina: Which is, I've
interviewed William Henry
and we've discussed
some of this.
But you go into much greater
detail in terms of some
of the geometry and
the angles that you see
in the layout of the city.
But also I thought we would
start out on our first clip
by noting that Washington, DC,
is one of the centers if not,
is it the primary center
for the Scottish Freemasons?
One of the primary...
>> Onstott: In the
United States?
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Onstott: The so-called
Mother Temple is there in DC,
the 33rd degree temple there.
Yes.
>> Regina: So, let's
talk about 33
after we look at
this video clip.
So our first video clip is on
the number 33, the Freemasons,
and the Presidents
of the United States.
>> Onstott: Great.
>> Regina: Let's take a look.
>> Onstott: [Film] Scottish
Freemasons are really
into the number 33.
There are 33 columns in
the House of the Temple
that are 33 feet high.
This is the place where a
hardworking initiate can obtain
the highest 33rd degree
from the 33 members
of the Supreme Council.
33rd Degree Masons are often
found in positions of power.
Many presidents of the United
States were Freemasons.
The Grand Lodge of Pennsylvania
has a permanent exhibit
featuring the portrait
and signature of each
of these presidents with a
record of their masonic careers.
It is difficult to
verify Masonic membership
because some members do not
make their involvement a matter
of public record.
However, each lodge
keeps its own records.
I find it interesting that
George Washington, Harding,
Eisenhower, Carter, and
the younger Bush all chose
to be sworn into the office
of the President with the hand
on this Masonic Bible
dating from 1770.
One has to be male and
believe in a supreme being
to seek membership as
a Scottish Freemason.
They insist their
fraternity is not a religion,
although atheists are
ineligible for membership.
Freemasonry is not
a secret society
but members are strongly
admonished under pain
of death not to reveal
core secrets.
Much of what happens
inside the House
of the Temple has
pieced together
by outside researchers
in recent years.
And this has been
brought forward
in Dan Brown's book,
The Lost Symbol .
>> Regina: It is
interesting when you think.
Now, when I look at that one
of the first things that pops
into my mind is just
simply Bush, Junior.
And I'm not trying to be
facetious here but not every one
of those people that became
president actually took
on the body of that esoteric
knowledge is my guess.
>> Onstott: That's right.
Yeah.
>> Regina: They were gifted the
title but it has to have been
through what, bloodlines.
I mean the thought
is that there has
to be a bloodline affiliation,
something, that puts one
in a position to be able
to receive a 33rd Degree.
>> Onstott: Now I know that the
33rd Degree is only bestowed
on people that are selected
by the Supreme Council.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Onstott: And I know, I've
met some 32nd Degree Freemasons
who'd like to be 33rd
Degree Freemasons
but there's no way
of getting that.
Because if you ask for it,
then you'll never get it.
So it's a mystery,
how does this occur?
And maybe you're right,
maybe it's a bloodline issue.
Maybe it's connections.
Maybe it's your esoteric wisdom
and knowledge that
you've absorbed.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Onstott: It's possible.
>> Regina: In some
cases, certainly.
And yet, this is something
that is really kind
of at the backbone of all
the conspiracy theories.
Is the Freemasons, the 33rd
Degree, I mean you can go
to thousands of sites talking
about 33rd Degree Masons
and all the horrors and
atrocities on the planet
but the reality is there
is sacredness in this.
And the truest sense of
Freemasonry has a lot
of beautiful sacred
energy around it.
I mean it is sacred knowledge.
So let's talk about 33.
>> Onstott: So yeah, 33,
and all numbers are neutral.
They're not owned by anyone.
And it's part of the
architecture of the universe.
33 to me it means the full
range, the whole nine yards.
And, for example,
there are 33 bones
in the human spinal column,
if you count the fused bones
in the lower spine individually.
Another one is that the sun is
333 thousand times more massive
than the Earth.
Another great one is you
have to exceed Mach 33,
that's 33 times the speed of
sound to attain escape velocity
to leave the planet
Earth and go into space.
Another one is if you -- you
go 33 feet below the surface
of the ocean you increase the
pressure by one atmosphere.
That means that the weight of
our atmosphere is equivalent
to a column of water
33 feet high.
And we have all these
examples of in religion, also.
Jesus lived for 33 years, was
said to perform 33 miracles.
King David, father of Solomon,
enreigned for 33 years.
The U.N. emblem has 33 sectors.
The city of London is
surrounded by 32 boroughs,
making it the 33rd jurisdiction.
So it's very interesting
where this comes up.
>> Regina: It is and when you
were talking I was just seeing
in my head a really
classic numerology.
Or just looking at maybe
simple mathematics, 3 times 3.
Right? Which is 9.
Which is completions,
which is transformation,
which is the all.
Right? Which is classically
thought of as the all.
And so just looking from
a very simplistic point
of view I can begin seeing
a few patterns there myself.
>> Onstott: It's
one-third after all.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Onstott: And actually
I see this significance
to any repeating
sequence of single digits.
>> Regina: Let's talk
about something I hadn't
noticed before, honestly.
And that has to do
with Buzz Aldrin.
>> Onstott: Yes.
And how, are you
referring to the cover
of Richard Hoagland's book where
he's on the moon or the letter?
>> Regina: And he's
holding the flag.
>> Onstott: He's holding a
flag, actually, I'm not sure,
I think that might have
been photo-shopped.
But...
>> Regina: Was it?
>> Onstott: What really happened
was he did take the Masonic
flag, the 33rd Degree
flag to the moon.
>> Regina: Oh he did?
>> Onstott: At least that's
the story, if you believe
that we went to the moon.
>> Regina: Right, that's
a whole other story.
>> Onstott: That's
a different story.
>> Regina: Either way, to
bring the 33rd [laughter]...
>> Onstott: Yeah, he brought
that and I think a flag
of the Vatican there and
returned those to Earth.
And those are in
museums, I believe, now.
>> Regina: Highly symbolic.
How does Middle C fit into this?
You wrote that, or in your
documentary you talked
about the fact that we
resonate at 33 octaves
above the base frequencies.
Are you talking Schumann
frequencies?
>> Onstott: The Schumann
frequency is like the resonance
of the Earth, that's from
lightning discharges.
And so I think its 33
harmonics or 32 overtones,
and I may have those backwards.
But Middle C is 33 harmonics
above the Schumann Resonance.
So it's like the full range.
The center of our hearing
is basically that full range
or that 33 octaves
above the Earth.
>> Regina: Okay, now another
very sacred symbol is the Tree
of Life and the Judaic
culture in particular.
And in the documentary you
talk about the fact that D.C.
and London have these,
essentially the same Tree
of Life templates over it.
And you also mention
that D.C. is considered
to be the new Jerusalem when
you look at it in context
of its layout, its geometric
layout and numerology.
I mean, not numerology,
but numeric values.
So let's take a look at clip
number two which has to do
with Washington, D.C. and this
fact we've just spoken of.
>> Onstott: Did you
ever wonder why the U.S.
and Israel have such
a strong bond?
D.C. is the New Jerusalem.
Here's the 1992 Israeli Supreme
Court building in Jerusalem.
Does this pyramid
on top containing a
window look familiar?
It appears to be the
Eye of Providence,
the same symbol found
in the streets of D.C.
and on the dollar bill.
Many researchers have
seen the Tree of Life
from Jewish Mysticism encoded
in D.C.'s traffic
circles and monuments.
However, DCSymbols.com
is the only place
that shows how the streets
and traffic circles match
this early depiction
of the Porta Lucis
Tree of Life from 1516.
The Portal of Light of version
if shaped like an actual tree.
Maybe that's where the
Tree of Life got its name.
Scott Circle's gently curving
streets mimic the shape
of the Pythagorean Y. In
The Secret Architecture
of Our Nation's Capital
author David Ovason says,
"The Pythagorean Y is a
vestigial drawing of a path
through life in which one
is perpetually presented
with the choice of
symbolic directions.
Should one do good or bad?"
Scott Circle is in the position
in the Tree of Life known
as Doth, the hidden Sephirot.
According to the Kabbalah,
the reason Doth is depicted
as hidden is because humans who
remain selfish cannot see it.
Only those who orient
themselves in the service
of others are able to
see the light of Doth
in which all 10 Sephirot
are united as one.
I think Scott Circle exemplifies
the secret architecture
of D.C. It's plain to see
once you have the knowledge
but remains hidden to
the general public.
Most people who know the Tree
of Life are more familiar
with the Athanasius
Kircher version of 1652
which is arranged
in three columns.
The Kircher version is seen
here in John Evelyn's plan
to rebuild London after
the Great Fire of 1666.
Both he and Christopher
Wren submitted plans based
on the Tree of Life.
Although, Wren's wasn't as
in your face as Evelyn's.
Neither were actually
carried out.
But it shows you this kind
of esoteric symbolism wasn't
anything new when D.C. was laid
out a century after the
Great Fire of London.
As you've seen, there is a
deep connection to Judaism both
in the Tree of Life
and in the metrology
of Richard Heath's larger cube
that links Washington, D.C.,
with the mythical, new
Jerusalem in the Bible.
>> Regina: And can you speak
to the mythical New
Jerusalem, how is it portrayed?
>> Onstott: If I recall the
quote, it's something like,
"And he measured the
city with the reed."
And it was a cube, and it was
12,000 furlongs on each edge.
And if you multiply that,
if you cube 12,000 you get 1728
billion furlongs, or something.
So the number 1728 is used,
and that's very significant
in the doubling sequence which
we will probably talk about.
>> Regina: Yes.
Okay, now, I mean we could,
I could ask you a lot more
questions about that one
but again, people are going
to have to take a look
at this video themselves
because the information prior
and after each of these
segments obviously gives a lot
deeper explanation.
But I want to get on to
some of the other numbers.
Common one, 13, this goes
back into Templar tradition
and Friday the 13th, the day
of the slaughter, and so forth.
And bad luck.
And what is 13 in your mind?
>> Onstott: A lucky
number I guess.
I think of the Great Seal of
the United States with the Eagle
on the back of the dollar
bill that shows the 13 arrows
and the 13 leaves on the branch
-- olive branch and 13 olives
and there's tons
of 13's on there.
>> Regina: Yeah.
>> Onstott: It's
really interesting.
>> Regina: Yeah.
It seems like the U.S.'s
symbols are laden with 13s.
>> Onstott: And you wonder were
13 colonies just an accident
or a design?
And who is the designer?
Was that a conspiracy or
did it just happen that way?
I don't answer that
it's just open.
>> Regina: Let's
talk about Gematria.
Because here we can say we're
going to start looking at some
of the figures throughout
history that show up again
and again, under
perhaps different names
than their origins.
So, but before we do that
let's talk about the subject
of Gematria where
numbers and then words
and letters start combining.
>> Onstott: So, in the Kabbalah
you can convert a letter
to a number and then you
can calculate the number
of the word.
And then you see
these correspondences.
I think John Michell showed
that the word Jerusalem
is 864 in Gematria.
And 864 is such a key number.
I think of 864,000-mile
diameter of the sun.
And that's only 99.8% accurate.
So...
>> Regina: Right.
You also speak about
Columbia, about Isis, Osiris.
These characters from
our deep history,
our deep planetary history,
keep showing up again and again.
Globally they're showing up.
Through numbers, through
numerical sequences,
through depictions.
Through artwork and so forth.
Let's talk about how
Isis and Osiris factor
into this before we
get to the obelisks.
>> Onstott: Okay, in my view
Isis, her number is five.
Also there's a resonance with
seven, but five is the number
of life, it's the
number of the Pentagon.
The Golden Ratio five
is encoded within that.
Osiris is six.
Six if the number of structure.
And in my work I've found this
relationship is so important
between the living things and
the structure of the universe.
So the ratio six to five keeps
coming up in my research.
There's a whole way to get
from six over five to --
it has all these resonances
with the cosmos I should say.
>> Regina: Isn't it
embedded with masculine
and feminine frequencies,
essentially?
>> Onstott: That's right.
Yeah. Essentially we have Isis
and Osiris in us, all of us.
And so the key is
balancing those or forming
that sacred marriage between
those two forces in you.
>> Regina: And let's talk
about, as portrayed historically
or mythologically, just give us
a thumbnail sketch of the story
of Isis and Osiris so we can
then begin understanding the
basis for some of
these other structures.
>> Onstott: Okay, as
the story goes Isis
and Osiris were married.
Osiris is the king of Egypt,
you know, the Pharaoh.
And his brother, their brother
Set got jealous and decided
to kill Osiris, cut him into
14 pieces, throw his penis
in the Nile, put him in a coffin
and send him down the river.
Isis went searching for his body
because being a goddess she
could magically revive him.
So, she did find him.
Eventually she reanimated him.
She had to use a golden phallus
because his penis was thrown
in the Nile, it had
gone missing.
And they conceived their child
Horus, the God of the sun.
And so there's -- this case has
been made by other researchers,
that Isis and Horus are
really the prototype
for Mary and Jesus.
>> Regina: Yes, I was
going to bring that up.
>> Onstott: Yeah.
>> Regina: Historically,
I mean, the same story,
once you get passed the chopping
up and then the reanimating...
>> Onstott: Re-membering.
>> Regina: Re-membering
of Osiris,
then the story starts
taking on the flavor
that we're all familiar with
in the world of Christianity.
For example, same thing happened
in the Sumerian
story, as well.
So this story of Mary, the
story of Jesus comes --
keeps coming through
and passed down right
through the Pagan ages in
terms of the time frames
in which births happened
and all of that.
So we'll say that for the sake
of most of the world religions
and that particular story Isis
and Horus are the
first pair in that way.
>> Onstott: The mother
and child.
>> Regina: The mother and child.
>> Onstott: And there is
this sculpture outside of --
in D.C. in the Federal
Triangle, I think it's
of Virgo, the goddess Virgo.
And she has a child with her.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Onstott: So in a
way it's like an Isis
and Horus right there.
>> Regina: And it's often
also an immaculate conception.
Right?
>> Onstott: Yeah.
>> Regina: The same
story as passed down.
>> Onstott: It really should be
called an unusual conception.
>> Regina: Yes, an
unusual conception.
It's certainly not impossible.
And so as we're talking about
that, we go to the obelisks,
because the obelisks,
you're saying
that obelisks represent
the phallus of Osiris.
>> Onstott: Let's take
the Washington Monument,
for example.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Onstott: It's not a
single piece of stone
but it's a monumental
work of masonry.
Separate blocks put together.
It's the phallus of Osiris
and surrounding it you have
the Vessica Pisces paths
in the landscaping which
represents the feminine.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Onstott: And so you have
this act of coitus there,
or the sacred marriage
essentially happening.
And you can see that in the
metrology of the monument
because it's 555 feet 5
1/2 inches, approximately.
I think it's actually
three-eighths
of an inch less than
that in reality.
Because it probably settled
a little bit, you know?
But that just so happens
to equal 6,666 inches.
So we have the sixes and
the fives coming together
in that measurement.
>> Regina: Though the sixes in
multiples have been demonized.
>> Onstott: 666 the number
of the beast and all that.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Onstott: Yeah, that's right.
Sometimes the church
would demonize something
that was there before
to divert attention
to their liturgy and so on.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Onstott: But I think that
if you read Revelations it's
actually the number a man.
666 is the number of a man.
And that man, who is that man?
Perhaps it's Osiris.
Perhaps it's the masculine
element in everyone.
Or you can just say it's Satan.
That's also possible.
But I tend to favor the more
-- yeah, more resonant version,
which connects with other things
and we don't just demonize it
and forget about
it, say it's bad.
It's just a number after all.
Right? Numbers aren't
bad, they're neutral.
>> Regina: Right.
Let's look at some of
the other forms of Isis
because this is a very important
figure throughout our modern
history, as well.
>> Onstott: She's
like the goddess
of 10,000 Eves, essentially.
>> Regina: Yes, and one
within this Columbia.
>> Onstott: Yes.
>> Regina: This is a big one.
And the figure of
Columbia comes up,
certainly through
American history,
but in other countries, as well.
As in, what is Columbia
representing in a lot
of the artwork and
murals and such?
>> Onstott: She's a place
holder for Isis, really.
She's, the goddess Freedom
also is like Columbia and she's
on top of the U.S. Capital
building, as well, you know.
She's holding this
feminine energy,
this powerful feminine energy.
Yeah.
>> Regina: The symbolism
goes deep and let's talk
about Jaclyn Onassis
because you say
that it may be she
was representing
or an aspect of Isis
in her time.
Why do you say that?
>> Onstott: I say that
because I showed in Secrets
in Plain Sight Volume 1, and I
show this alignment that goes
through the Jaclyn
Kennedy Onassis Reservoir
in Central Park.
And in certain historical images
on Google Earth you
can see this,
there's a clear line
there, through the water.
It's an underground
-- underwater...
>> Regina: Yes you can see it.
>> Onstott: ...structure.
And it points right to the
Metropolitan Museum of Art.
And it just so happens
to point directly
to this ancient Egyptian
Isis templer --
temple in the Sackler Wing.
And she was the one who
actually went to Egypt,
received this gift from
Egypt that was given
to the United States when they
built the Aswan Dam in the 60's.
They were flooding the
valley and they needed
to move these temples
out of there.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Onstott: And so the United
States received it and she was
like the symbolic
receiver of the temple.
So she was almost
playing this role
of Isis, receiving her temple.
>> Regina: Yes, and she did
have a type of quality about her
that set her apart from
mortals for the most part.
>> Onstott: Yeah, she was sort
of idolized and, you know,
as this strong woman figure.
>> Regina: Yes.
And here I have a couple
things we could hop through
but I think we probably
want to move on.
And one of them is the
alignment with Sirius.
Because it's not just from
the Great Pyramids in Egypt.
It also has to do
with the White House
and the National Post Office.
>> Onstott: Yes.
>> Regina: [Laughter] Are
also aligned with Sirius.
So what is the significance
there?
>> Onstott: We also
see that in Paris.
>> Regina: Yes and...
>> [Multiple speakers].
>> Onstott: There's a phenomenon
that the ancient Egyptians
based their calendar
on called the Heliacal
Rising of Sirius.
And you'll see this in early
August at the latitude of D.C.
Where if you get up before dawn
you'll see the star, Sirius,
rise on the horizon
just before the dawn.
That's called the
Heliacal Rising.
And so that would be how they
synchronized their calendar.
And so if you look
where does that happen?
If you're in the White House
and you're able to look right
down Pennsylvania
Avenue, you would see
that the star would
appear just right next
to the capital building there.
And then when the sun
sets on that same day,
you look down the other way
and you see the Sirius setting
over the White House there.
So, seems like there were
some urban planners early
on who oriented Pennsylvania
Avenue just so to pay homage
to the Heliacal Rising
of Sirius.
>> Regina: Well, and then
speaking of those same planners,
you have overlays also of the
White House lawn and Stonehenge.
And Stonehenge plays
prominently in a few areas
of your film, as well.
>> Onstott: That's right
Stonehenge is at the heart
of the mystery, really.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Onstott: And it sort of,
that connection, I made --
I drew a line from the tip of
the Federal Triangle in D.C.
to the center of Stonehenge
in the U.K. And the line,
amazingly, cuts right across
Central Park in New York City.
It actually bisects that park.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Onstott: And that
lead me to go into all
of the research I
did in New York City.
Because I felt that
this was significant,
this was intentional.
And the proportion of
the station rectangle
at Stonehenge is 5 to 12.
And surrounding the White House
there's a rectangle embedded
in the secrete architecture
of the city that's 5 to 12.
And Central Park in New
York City is 5 to 24.
So it's two of these.
A fan of Secrets in
Plain Sight pointed
out that the U.S. dollar bill
is 5 to 12 in its proportion.
So, I think it's 99% right.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Onstott: So that's kind of an
amazing synchronicity, as well.
>> Regina: Indeed.
Now let's go to the
clip on the obelisk,
because you've placed us
in New York City already.
So this was a huge undertaking.
An obelisk this size
isn't just sent as a gift.
This is something beyond that.
Obviously there was
purpose, behind having a pair
of obelisks placed where
they were ultimately placed.
>> Onstott: They're
called Cleopatra's Needles.
There's one right
next to the Met.
And there's one on the
Victoria Embankment in London.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Onstott: And the
greatest story
about that is Peter
Tompkins book  The Mystery
of the Obelisks , I
believe it's called.
And it goes into all
the drama behind that
and how it was a major
undertaking to move those.
>> Regina: Major.
And I think you demonstrated
that in this clip.
Let's take a look.
>> Onstott: Okay.
In case you're thinking
I'm imagining connections
where none exist, right
outside this room is one
of the oldest artifacts
in North America.
A 3500-year-old Egyptian
obelisk from Heliopolis.
Note the octagon surrounding
yet another solar symbol.
There are only a handful
of ancient Egyptian
obelisks left in the world.
Even counting those
still in Egypt.
So when I see one I
sit up and take notice.
This obelisk is the twin of
Cleopatra's Needle in London.
Egyptian temples typically
had paired obelisks
at their entrances so the
obelisks now in New York
and London used to
together frame the entrance
to a temple in Heliopolis.
It was quite a difficult
and expensive project
in the 19th century,
and even today,
to transport a 224-ton slab
of granite halfway
across the planet.
Connecting nations with ancient
Egypt was apparently a very
powerful motivator
to the Freemasons
who bothered moving
these obelisks.
>> Regina: I find
that just fascinating.
What an endeavor.
And these are found
all over the planet.
And so from what you've been
able to see, as you said,
the Vessica Pisces has been
surrounding them in the case
of the Washington Monument.
But in others as well, is there
any other common denominator
behind the placement of
these particular obelisks?
These massive obelisks?
>> Onstott: I can
think of in Rome.
Rome has the most Egyptian
obelisks of anywhere
in the world, including Egypt.
I'm talking ancient
Egyptian obelisks.
The obelisks that are set
up in Rome are oriented
to the summer solstice sunrise
and the winter solstice sunrise.
And I profile that research
in my Rome episode here.
And it was, I think
it was Jan Wicherink
and Aaron Parlier
who figured that out.
And so Sixtus V, this pope,
the last Renaissance pope
was actually responsible
for positioning these
obelisks within Rome just so.
And his tomb is in Santa
Maria Maggiore at the end
of one of those alignments.
So I wonder if he actually
intentionally did that
or if he was inspired
to do that.
And it's interesting that he
chose the name for himself.
When a person becomes
pope they choose the name.
So he chose Sixtus V,
which is like six and five.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Onstott: So, what, did he
have hermetic knowledge or not?
>> Regina: It's certainly
possible.
>> Onstott: I think
it's certainly possible.
>> Regina: And interesting,
too, just when you're looking
at it symbolically, as
the Mason's did of course,
and the Hermetics as well.
That this would also bring in an
essence of a masculine frequency
into that region,
into that area.
Assuming, for some purpose.
>> Onstott: But it's
usually balance.
The obelisks are masculine
but they're balanced
by fountains surrounding them.
Or a Vessica Pisces.
>> Regina: That's
what I was wondering,
is that generally the case?
>> Onstott: In Rome, I think
every obelisk has fountains
around them.
>> Regina: Interesting.
>> Onstott: So it's this...
>> Regina: Balancing.
>> Onstott: Balancing.
There's a recognition of that.
>> Regina: As in
Indian temples as well.
>> Onstott: Yeah.
So, it's not just masculine,
it's not, it's a balance.
>> Regina: It's a
balancing of the two.
>> Onstott: Yeah.
>> Regina: Interesting.
Okay, now we're going to talk
about something you
just discovered.
It's not in any of
your documentaries
yet because we're
in New York still.
Okay. And it's the number 432.
And if you could talk
about this phenomena
and what you've discovered
there by way of a new structure.
>> Onstott: Okay, a
couple of weeks ago,
so this is very recent, someone
emailed me and they said,
"You should check
432 Park Avenue,
just because of the address."
432. It's one of these
numbers that's half of 864,
which is a solar number.
You can look at the
sun's radius is 432,000.
>> Regina: Yeah and we're
going to go into that
in more depth in the clip.
>> Onstott: Yeah.
So anyways, that's a
significant number.
Actually 108, 216, 432,
864, all very significant.
They're all doubles
of each other.
So 432 Park Avenue
got my attention.
And then I was amazed
because it's a square building
and each square floor
plate is 8,640 square feet.
So it's using that same
number canon.
The height of the
building is 1398 feet.
Which I thought for a long time,
I was like, what does that mean?
There's no significance to that.
Then I pulled out my
calculator and I realized
that it's 864 times
Phi, the golden ratio.
So that's 864 times
1.618 equals 1398.
So there you have this
secondary encoding.
Also, the -- I think there are
2,016 windows in the building.
So that's 216.
You can, in my philosophy
of number zero can be
ignored, it's a placeholder.
So we're looking at the digits.
It's 21 -- 2016, is really 216.
For its significance, for
its qualitative essence.
And then the total
square footage of all
of the glass is 201,600
square feet.
So again, 216.
So it's hitting me
on many levels
that this building has been
designed with this resonance.
And then one more thing.
Just this morning, someone
posted a comment on my blog
and they said the torch on the
statue of liberty, the distance
from the torch to where 432 Park
is being constructed right now
is 33,333 feet.
And I fired up Google
Earth this morning
and I verified that
that's the case.
It's just mind-blowing.
>> Regina: It is mind-blowing.
But the back-story to that I
found equally as interesting
when we were talking off camera.
That building, that
wasn't the original address
of that building.
>> Onstott: That's right.
>> Regina: The person
that bought this
building for a fortune.
>> Onstott: It was --
the developer bought
440 Park Avenue.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Onstott: It was
called the Drake Hotel.
It has lots of history
and rock music.
And he tore it down.
He paid $440 million
for this hotel.
Now that's pretty bold
to destroy a building
that's that valuable.
But then he -- they're building
a $1,250 billion building there.
And they changed the
address to 432 Park.
>> Regina: And there's
a significance to that.
>> Onstott: There's
a significance.
Also, another person commented,
and I didn't catch
this right away.
But 432 is the -- there's a
movement amongst opera singers
and lots of people in music
to shift the standard
concert tuning to 432 Hertz.
That's the frequency
of the Middle C,
or sorry I think it's the
A above Middle C. Anyway,
it's 432 Hertz and standard
concert tuning is 440 Hertz.
So we have 440 and
432 expressed in music
and in the addresses
of the building.
>> Regina: And the
work of Lee Horowitz.
He talked about this
quite a bit.
There is a disharmonic
and then a truer harmonic.
And the 432 represents
the truer harmonic.
>> Onstott: That's right.
So we're moving into
a state of harmony.
>> Regina: So did the person
that changed this address know
that they were taking
it from a less harmonic
to a greater harmonic?
>> Onstott: It's
unlikely that I'll be able
to get an interview
with a developer.
I mean this person is...
>> Regina: It would
be interesting.
>> Onstott: They're
selling the condos
in the building for
over $3 billion.
>> Regina: Wow.
>> Onstott: So it's going to be
the tallest residential tower
in the western hemisphere.
It'll be taller than the
Empire State Building.
>> Regina: This is a statement
of some -- whatever it means,
with all of the, I don't
think it's a coincidence
that the math is
working out like it is,
the numeric sequences are.
So this is a statement of
some kind yet to be revealed.
I guess we'll find out when we
see what plays out historically
around that building
in the future.
Meanwhile, let's go
back to the number 108.
You brought it up a moment ago.
You have, we have
another film clip.
And it has to do with 108 and
sequencing around the moon
and silver, and some other
more religious symbols.
Let's take a look.
>> Onstott: [Film]108 is
a number sacred to many
of the world's religions.
For example, there are 108
prayer beads in the Holy Rosary.
The Rosary is a key
devotional path
in the Catholic veneration
of Mary.
The worshippers fingers
keep track of the number
of Hail Mary prayers they recite
by moving along one
bead at a time.
Hindus, Buddhists and Jains all
use Jappa Mala prayer necklaces
in much the same
way as Catholics.
Incredibly Jappa Malas
are most commonly made
with exactly 108 beads.
These two are fingered
as the devotee chants
or repeats mantras.
Whether the worshipper
is conscious of it
or not the moon is ultimately
behind what they are actually
venerating in 108 recitations.
As I already mentioned,
the mean radius
of the moon is 1,080 miles.
The connection between goddesses
and the moon is as
old as humanity.
Coincidentally, the
element silver,
which has always been
associated with the moon,
has an atomic weight
of 108 grams per mull.
>> Regina: And this is just
flashing on a little bit
of what you spoke about at the
earlier part of the interview.
Then the relationship
between that, and the sun.
And so just recap again on
what you said at the beginning
of the interview about
the ratios between the sun
and the Earth, and the moon.
>> Onstott: And the moon.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Onstott: Got to
see if I can remember.
[Laughter].
I think the solar diameter
containers 108 Earth diameters.
The Earth is 108 solar diameters
from the sun on average.
The moon is 108 lunar diameters
from the Earth on average.
Another one is that the Earth
has a volume of 108 times 10
to the 10th power
cubic kilometers.
So, what we find is
that it's the number
that matters, it's
not the units.
It's not feet or inches,
or cubic kilometers.
It's the number that's
significant.
And so this is almost
a key to the matrix
that we live in to the universe.
It seems to be built with
an awareness of number.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Onstott: It is
perhaps built on number.
And that's why I get so deeply
into the philosophy
behind number.
I wrote a book called
Taking Measure ,
which goes into that
in great depth.
>> Regina: Yes, and well this
knowledge has been preserved
really, the only reason we have
it today was, as you stated
in the documentary,
this particular body
of say hermetic knowledge,
was having to do
with the inside of
Cosimo de' Medici.
In that he was able
to -- he rescued --
well he had possession of a
rescued body of information
that ultimately made it back
in big fashion in France.
As you say in you documentary
of hermetic knowledge.
That had been all but,
everything else had been all
but lost in the Fire of
the Library Alexandria.
How did he come into
possession it this?
>> Onstott: It's like we
almost, almost lost the plot...
>> Regina: Almost lost it all.
>> Onstott: ...completely.
>> Regina: Yeah.
>> Onstott: But Cosimo
de' Medici hired people
to go find ancient manuscripts.
And at that time I think someone
went over somewhere in Turkey,
perhaps, and they found
the Corpus Hermetica.
This body of ancient wisdom
that was basically coming
down from ancient Egypt.
And that actually fueled
the Italian Renaissance.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Onstott: It actually...
>> Regina: And the
French, in a sense.
>> Onstott: Later as well.
And Louis the son
came and seemed
to have all this
knowledge as well.
And so, it -- at a certain
point it went underground.
But at least we haven't
lost the plot today.
We have -- we're starting
to recover this information
and realize that we have
these resonant numbers,
that disparate phenomena,
sort of resonate
with and converge on.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Onstott: As above, so
below is the Hermetic motto.
So it's basically this kind
of fractal structure
that we live in.
>> Regina: Let's take a look
at another example of it
because this is where you
come into the notion of speed,
or distance and time, and
numbers all converging.
Right?
>> Onstott: Yes.
>> Regina: Okay, let's
take a look at this.
>> Onstott: John Charles Webb,
Jr. has made a profound
discovery about the location
of the Great Pyramid that is
unfortunately widely ignored
because of its utter
implausibility.
Using Google Earth we can
measure the exact latitude
of the center of the Grand
Gallery inside the pyramid.
It is 29.9792458-degrees north.
The speed of light in the
vacuum is 299,792,458-meters
per second.
Incredibly these are
the same numbers.
How can this be?
This correlation is either
pure coincidence or evidence
of something very profound.
The meter as unit of length and
the practice of dividing time
into seconds would have to be
coordinated for the location
of the Great Pyramid to
encode the speed of light.
Nothing may sound
more improbable
but this is exactly the
sort of numbers game
that I think the
ancients played.
Consider the fact that one
second is one Earth rotation
and divide it into 86,400 parts,
because one day is
equal to 86,400 seconds.
Recall from the Stonehenge
in San Francisco episodes
that the sun's diameter
is 864,000 miles.
And 864 is the number
of the sun.
Perhaps the second and the
mile were skillfully designed
to express this beautiful
harmony with the sun.
>> Regina: And again, it
doesn't really seem to matter
which culture we look to, in
terms of any sacred texts,
it seems that the sun is always
playing the central role.
>> Onstott: Yes.
>> Regina: To our
experience here.
And now we're even seeing
it laid our mathematically.
>> Onstott: It's the
heart center, the sun.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Onstott: I think.
Well, we somehow often
lost the plot on that one,
but I think that's
what they're getting
at with this solar worship.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Onstott: Yeah.
>> Regina: I think so, too.
And then when you
start looking at the,
some of the more
common lifestyle choices
of today, for example.
We look at spending all
of our time indoors rather
than being exposed to the sun.
We look at medical industry
which is telling us the
sun is actually dangerous
and we'll get cancer
from the sun.
>> Onstott: Have you
heard of these people
that actually take their
nourishment from the sun?
>> Regina: Yes, I have.
>> Onstott: There
are studies on that.
>> Regina: The sun-gazers.
>> Onstott: It's
very interesting.
>> Regina: And these --
it seems that the ancients
with the sacred knowledge
that you have come upon
and have certainly demonstrated
well in this documentary,
understood that there
was than just light
and heat coming from the sun.
There's an intrinsic
numeric relationship,
information streaming
from the sun, it appears,
to all life forms
within the solar system.
>> Onstott: I kind of
speculate that if we go
through a great spiritual
evolution perhaps we will one
day become a sun.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Onstott: That is
perhaps a destiny
of truly being enlightened.
>> Regina: And that's what
you see around the heads
of the enlightened, as depicted
historically, is a solar disk.
>> Onstott: That's right,
in fact, George Washington
at the top of the
capitol dome...
>> Regina: That's right.
>> Onstott: Is before
a sun disk.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Onstott: It's
a man become God.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Onstott: It's human's
becoming enlightened,
that's what we're talking about.
>> Regina: Yes and in
Williams Henry's work,
which we have mentioned
a couple of times,
he believes that is
our ultimate path.
>> Onstott: He does the best
research on the capital.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Onstott: I remember he --
where the President gets
inaugurated there's 33 steps
up into the Capital Dome.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Onstott: None of these
things are accidents.
>> Regina: They're
not accidents.
And now we've come to the
point in the conversation,
there's just so much more
and like I said we just
scratched the surface
with a few little clips.
Out of four hours we
did about seven minutes.
So...
>> Onstott: And that's
just Volume One,
there's also Volume Two.
>> Regina: And that's
just Volume One.
Yeah, that, I haven't
even seen Volume Two.
This was a course
for me to study.
Let's talk more about the
philosophical overlay of, no,
this isn't by accident.
These numerical sequences
repeating
out the way they do
cannot be coincidences.
>> Onstott: I think when you
start to see enough of them,
and I try to present
that, you get the sense
that everything is
synchronized in this way.
And shall I talk about the
different possibilities
of encoders?
>> Regina: Absolutely, that's
what I wanted to ask you.
>> Onstott: So the first, in
my book  Taking Measure  I talk
about four types of encoders.
The first type would be people
engaged in some kind of plan.
Usually a conspiracy to --
like an architect in
an architectural firm.
They might build a building
with all of these numbers
and not tell anyone, perhaps.
That's maybe the first thing
that would occur to
you that it's a...
>> Regina: The most obvious.
>> Onstott: That
it's a conspiracy.
But when you start seeing the
cosmic correspondences then you,
they might give you
pause to think,
well this somehow
deeper than that.
Although, it doesn't
deny there are
like an illuminati conspiracy.
I'm not saying there isn't.
But the second type of encoder
would be physical beings
who weren't born on Earth.
That is, aliens.
They could be more
technologically advanced,
perhaps.
They might be working
with certain elites
to encode certain things
for whatever motivation.
That's another whole
category of encoders.
The third kind of encoder
would be non-physical beings
that are influencing you.
And I think that this is
actually happening all the time,
in my view.
That actually, you're
getting guidance quite often
and you're just not aware of it
because you don't hear voices
in your head, you don't
see fantastical visions.
But you might have a hunch
that something is just so
or you should look at something.
And I find in my research that
that often is the way it works
for me personally is
I'll just get a hunch
that I need to measure
something.
The fourth kind of encoder
would be expanding the boundary
of self all the way
out to awareness.
And realizing, that
another possibility is
that the universe
is in awareness.
Rather than the regular
possibility
that we normally think
of as your awareness,
your consciousness
comes out of your brain.
This is kind of the
opposite viewpoint,
the opposite philosophical
viewpoint or opposite.
The actual reality is that all
of the universe is in awareness.
Time and space and
matter are in awareness.
And that the universe
is a work of imagination
and that you are a fictional
character in that awareness.
In that, it's not real
because you come and go.
You will live, be born and die.
What is eternal is awareness.
And so it should be no surprise
that we see all of these things,
these numbers in the world
because that's the way we
imagined the whole matrix.
That's the way that it works.
It works with geometry.
In fact, in the Quadrivium there
is this concept of the four arts
of number, music -- number,
geometry, music and astronomy,
are the four subjects
in the Quadrivium.
And a more elegant
way of expressing
that is number in
itself, is math.
Number is space is geometry.
Number in time is music, and
number in space and time,
is actually the manifest
universe.
>> Regina: Yes.
And this, a few years ago I
had been looking for a piece
of information regarding,
of an esoteric nature
that I wasn't connecting
with on the outside.
Having to do with the function
of what we call the
upper chakras
that we don't really
acknowledge yet.
And in this particular
meditation that's exactly what I
was shown.
I was shown the various
regions, the chakras
and their correlation to exact
building blocks you're talking
about, but added in were
sound, light, and color.
And that these were all
the intrinsic frequencies,
with all the mathematical
ones you were talking about,
of creation.
And then you can look
at it from many ways
in terms of what coalesces it.
But is it possible, into form --
but is it possible that
throughout history rather
than a dark conspiracy there
have been individuals that are
so sensitively tuned
that their own feeling
and understanding would
automatically gravitate towards
those ratios when
building great structures?
>> Onstott: I think so.
I think that we know
truth, goodness,
and beauty when we
experience it.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Onstott: And so we have an
innate power of discernment
that this is right,
this is true,
this is good, this is beautiful.
And so that's operative, and
it doesn't require the mind.
It sort of transcends
and includes the mind.
So I think that's what's
really happening there.
Is you can intuitively feel
that coincidences like this.
>> Regina: That's what,
I agree with that.
We are in such a mental matrix.
As you said earlier in
your life, you were stuck
in first realizing I'm not my
body, then you had to discern
that you're not your mind.
>> Onstott: Well then what am I?
>> Regina: Then what am I.
>> Onstott: Well what it is,
it's a movement from feeling
like you're something,
somebody to not a thing.
I'm not a thing, I'm nothing.
The absolute.
To the final I am
actually everything.
The universe is in me.
It's in you, too.
It's not a solecism.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Onstott: It's an awareness.
It's a non-duality.
Is what I'm advocating here.
It's this possibility of
the whole universe existing
in you is one that is
worth contemplating.
>> Regina: Absolutely.
And I agree with you
also that we can feel it.
We know our whole
body is a sense organ
and we sense the truth.
We sense beauty, symmetry,
and what essentially
enhances consciousness,
if we pay attention
to those feelings.
>> Onstott: You know it by its
fruit, you've had that feeling.
What comes out of that is
love, beauty, kindness.
>> Regina: So, let's say
the whole architecture
of the universe is
built out of that.
>> Onstott: Yes.
>> Regina: Thank you so much
for all the work you've done
and just doing it for us.
>> Onstott: Thank
you for having me.
>> Regina: Well we've
only scratched the surface
as I mentioned a couple of
times in this conversation.
To see the entire story you can
go to  Secrets in Plain Sight ,
that's secretsinplainsight.com.
And that's the whole double
episode that we've referred to.
You might want to consider
this a course of study.
It's definitely worth
taking your time
and contemplating the
implications of the information.
Until next time.
Thank you for joining
us here on  Gaiam TV .
[ Music ]
[ Silence ]